# TSC Meeting Minutes - 12/09/2019
**Attendees:**
- [X] John Mertic (JM)
- [X] Tatiana Balaburkina (TB)
- [?] Giancarlo Frix
- [ ] Joe Devlin (JD)
- [x] Joe Bostian (JB)
- [ ] Zach Burns (ZB)
- [X] Peter Fandel (PF)

- (TB) 7 new porting repos have been created in the org
- (JB) Ready to add another demo application that requires its own repo.
   - (JB) Want to follow the official process
	 - (JM) The DCO command line tool helps (integrates with Atom editor?)
- (JM) Will be adding more detail to the Ported Project Proposal process soon.
- (PF) Don't see any calendar invites for our regularly scheduled TSC meetings
   - (JM) There is an OMP calendar that each of us has with a schedule of events,
	 depending on which groups we sign up for.
	    - Key Links:
			   - [OMP user login](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/login)
				 - [OMP calendar](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/ambitus-discussion/calendar)
- (PF) Negotiations are ongoing between IBM and Rocket to create an open source
business model that allows Rocket to fund a porting team
   - (PF) A meeting happened at the end of last year.  No conclusions yet.
	 - (PF) Moving ahead with posting projects at Ambitus while these negitions progress.
- (JB) Channel discussions between Rocket and Anaconda have been ongoing.
   - (PF) Yes, Rocket is planning for an Anaconda Enterprise channel that will allow
	 entitled customers to access ported packages.
	 - (PF) This is part of the open source business model being formed at Rocket
	 - (JB) Some analog of this is necessary as well for Docker images.  Customers
	 need a trusted DockerHub channel.
	 - (JM) We must remain open source in the way we provide access to the contents
	 of these channels.
	 - (JM) OMP infrastructure is available to help host these kinds of trusted channels.
	    - (JM) The Feilong project needs this kind of thing too.
- (JM) There are several events on the calendar upcoming in 2020:
   - [Open Mainfram Summit, NYC, September](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-mainframe-summit/)
	 - [OMP Calendar of Events](https://www.openmainframeproject.org/events)
- (JB) What are our next steps?
   - (JM) Catalog our projects under Ambitus, and create a list of technical contacts for each.
	 - (JM) Once this is done, we can move Ambitus to active project stage
	 - (JM) Need to work towards CII Best Practices badge
