# TSC Meeting Minutes - 11/04/2019
**Attendees:**
- [x] John Mertic (JM)
- [x] Tatiana Balaburkina (TB)
- [x] Giancarlo Frix
- [x] Joe Devlin (JD)
- [x] Joe Bostian (JB)
- [x] Zach Burns (ZB)
- [x] Peter Fandel (PF)

- (JB) Called the meeting to order
- (PF) Discuss Rocket/IBM alignment for base solution bundle
   - Python, Miniconda & assorted utilities (~30 packages)
   - Is a foundation for several devOPs & Zowe solutions in the works
   - A zero-cost offering with a new PID
   - SMP installable and supported through service & support contract
   - (JM) Does this affect the governance of the offering?
      - (JB) No, this is just a packaging and support mechanism
      - This is a bootstrap solution that enables Python and Anaconda to
        enable migration to the Anaconda package mechanism for open source
- (PF) Establishing a trusted Anaconda channel
   - (JB) A similar trusted channel is necessary for Docker images
   - Best solution:
      - The OMP is willing to host binary channels
      - Customers trust the OMP as a source
   - (JM) OMP would create a Limited Liability Corporation (LLC) for this
      - Could also host:
         - Zowe packages
         - Node Package Manager (NPM) packages
   - (JM) Will add a quality signoff to contribution guidelines
      - Where component/dependency images and packages are pulled from
      - DCO
      - Quality metrics from testing
      - Call-home metrics and tracking is _**not**_ allowed
   - (JB) Package vetting will be key to establishing trust with our customers
- (JB) We need to start using our contribution guidelines for making updates
  to the Project (we haven't been so far)
   - Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)
   - Licenses in prologs
   - ...
- (JM) A common practice is to include a list of adopters of our project
   - Helps establish trust for potential users, knowing others have adopted
   - (PF) Mainframe customer base will be very hesitant to do this
- (JB) Do we want to adopt 2 Factor Authentication (2FA)?
   - (JM) This is a good practice that we should enable
   - We should also enable the DCO requirement hook
- (JM) The Ambitus lifecycle document needs review by the team
