# TSC Meeting Minutes - 03/30/2019

**Attendees:**

- [x] John Mertic (JM)
- [ ] Tatiana Balaburkina (TB)
- [ ] Giancarlo Frix
- [ ] Joe Devlin (JD)
- [x] Joe Bostian (JB)
- [ ] Zach Burns (ZB)
- [ ] Peter Fandel (PF)
- [x] Charles Korpics

## Agenda

- Potential for a new content
  - IBM zATT team has also has a new Dockerfile and tools available to enable
    access to zCX from x/86 platforms. This could be added to the _linux_containers_
    repo.
- Potential new Zowe content to implement access to key z/OS touch points from
  modern high level languages like Python
- The Data Privacy Passports team from IBM wants to publish an API that will
  technically be open source. May or may not be a good fit under Ambitus.
- Upstreaming Python interpreter changes from IBM Toronto team through Ambitus
- Hosted Projects and Ambitus
- Team logistics

## Minutes

- (JB) zATT team's x/86-to-zCX pipeline includes a good Dockerfile example that
  would fit as an example in the linux-containers repo
  - (JM) sounds like a good fit
  - (JB) will work with the team to have them open a pull request
- (JB) explained the potential new project for ZOWE - Python access to z/OS
  control blocks. This is part of some AI infrastructure that is in development
  - (JM) May, or may not be a good fit, depending on the intentions of the
    original developers. Do they want a real community development model?
  - (JB) May also not be a good fit for Zowe, but will run it by them
  - (JB) Will follow up with the zATT team to
- (JB) Data Privacy Passports team may not really want to follow a community development
  model. May just want a publication path for their API. Will follow up with
  them to understand their real intentions.
- (JM) Heard that Meredith Stowell supports the IBM Toronto team upstreaming
  their changes using Ambitus as a staging ground
  - (JB) Will follow up with her to let her know we're in the loop with this
- (JM) The OMP hosted projects could use a home under a project like Ambitus, just
  to keep track of their state, and have a place to discuss any needed actions
  - (JB) Will put it on the agenda for a deeper discussion at the next TSC meeting
- (JB) Taking a to-do to build an agenda ahead of future TSC meetings and publish
  ahead of time. Look to enhance participation of the larger Ambitus team
  - (JB) Will use the issue and PR mechanisms to make updates to propose and
    manage updates to team resources, like larger agenda items
